Remove mention of private defpacts from the reference manual (#1207)
kadena-io/pact: docs/en/pact-reference.md

with subsequent steps, a step can [yield](pact-functions.html#yield) values which the subsequent step can recover using
the special [resume](pact-functions.html#resume) binding form.

Pacts are comprised of steps that can only execute in strict sequence. Any enforcement of who can execute a step
happens within the code of the step expression. All steps are "manually" initiated by some participant
in the transaction with CONTINUATION commands sent into the blockchain.

### Failures, Rollbacks and Cancels

In pacts, a rollback expression is specified to indicate that the pact can be "cancelled" at
this step with a participant sending in a CANCEL message before the next step is executed. Once the last
step of a pact has been executed, the pact will be finished and cannot be rolled back. Failures
in public steps are no different than a failure in a non-pact transaction: all changes are rolled back.
Pacts can therefore only be canceled explicitly and should be modeled to offer all necessary cancel options.

### Yield and Resume

A step can yield values to the following step using [yield](pact-functions.html#yield) and [resume](pact-functions.html#resume).

> This is an unforgeable value, as it is maintained within the blockchain pact scope.

Reviewer: Relevant aside: since Pact is moving towards being marketed as a backend-agnostic, is it still safe to assume that `resume` values are unforgeable for any backend?

Author: For now, that change should come at a later time.

    (credit payee amount)))
```

> Defpacts may be nested (though the recursion restrictions apply, so it must be a different defpact). They may be kicked off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defpacts may be nested (though the recursion restrictions apply, so it must be a different defpact). They may be executed
```
